We created all these components.
Let's start using them.
I will start using them in the app component age HTML file here where I say I'm working here I want
to display my app recipe's component.
So the one we created here in the recipe's folder and below it the app shopping list component.
So this component here if we save this we see recipe's works and shopping list works.
Which of course are the default strings.
DC I GAVE us here.
So with these added a working year let's now also work on the individual components here.
Starting with recipe's maybe in my recipe's component.
As I said in my set up I want to have the recipe's list and detail next to each other.
So for this I'll add a road day of year and in this role I'll add a day with the last call M.D five
to have a smaller column on the left and then another one with cold M.D 7 using these bootstrap columns
sizing classes to have a broader column on the right.
So two columns next to each other.
Now in the first column I want to have my app recipe list component.
And the second one I want to have my app recipe detailed component just like that.
So Datchet placed these two components next to each other.
If we save this and have a look at our app we did see list and detail below each other simply because
due to the console the viewport was so small and then it automatically reposted below each other.
So if you have a normal page they sit next to each other and I actually want them to wrap below each
other on smaller pages.
So this is now working to you now in my recipe list component here.
As I said a similar one to include that recipe item.
So here I will later I'll put a list of items for now I will simply include the recipe item your ab
recipe items are only de-select or which should now ensure that we no longer see your recipe list were
expert recipe item works because that's the only content of our recipe list component for now.
So that's looking great.
Now for the shopping list of pretty much the same in my shopping list component here I want to display
the list and above it does shopping added area so I'll add a row here to an industry so that they will
call excess 10 to create a very wide column here first.
Add my shopping add its component to have this editing area at the top where we can add new ingredients
or added existing ones.
And then I want to have a horizontal line here and somehow outpoured my list below this.
So that's the rough set of I want to have in this component.
So it should work like this.
That will be the recipe list compiled and later on we're going to folder's with more live.
But for now I'm very happy with how that looks.
Talking about how it looks.
The header really kind of destroys our whole layout here.
So let's work on the head in the next lecture and let's actually bring it into its almost final form
already.